unb-logo.jpg
RESIC.bib
README.md
packages.tex
packages-estudantes.tex
main.tex
main-pinheirogh.tex
main-jhcf.tex
main-marcelo3101.tex
autores.tex
.gitignore
exploratory-data-analysis/masathayde/predator_prey_simulation.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/R/Territorios/simulacao/AnaliseExperimentosComoSurgemOsTerritorios.pdf
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/R/Territorios/ComoSurgemOsTerritorios.pdf
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/R/Territorios/ComoSurgemOsTerritorios-v1.R
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/Python/experimentos/agent_data_iter_10_steps_10_2021-11-05 173212.906885.zip
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/Python/experimentos/model_data_iter_10_steps_10_2021-11-05 173212.906885.zip
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/Python/SurgemOsTerritoriosServer.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/ProjetoDaSimulacaoSurgemOsTerritorios.pdf
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoSalaDeAula/STL@jhcf/figs/STL@jhcf-Annual-Scientific-Production.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoSalaDeAula/STL@jhcf/Main_Information.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoSalaDeAula/STL@jhcf/STL@jhcf.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoSalaDeAula/STL@jhcf/STL@jhcf-Main_Information.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Total-Citation-Source-Local-Impact.png.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Source-Impacts.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Source-Dynamics.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Most-Relevant-Sources.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Most-Local-Cited-Sources(from-Reference-Lists).png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-M-Index-Source-Local-Impact.png.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-H-Index-Source-Local-Impact.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-G-Index-Source-Local-Impact.png.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Bradfords-Law.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Bradfords-Law.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Sources/MASSA2-Author-Impact.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-WordDynamics.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-WordCloud.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-WordCloud-100words.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-TrendTopics.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-TrendTopics-WF=15-WPY=7.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-TreeMap.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-ReferenceSpectroscopy.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-ReferenceSpectroscopy-1971-2019.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-ReferenceSpectroscopy-1901-1970.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-Most_Frequent_Words.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-Most-Local-Cited-References.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-Most-Local-Cited-Documents.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Documentos/MASSA2-Most-Global-Cited-Documents.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Total-Citations-Author-Impact.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-TopAuthorsProductionOverTime.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Most-Relevant-Affiliations.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Most-Productive-Authors.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Most-Local-Cited-Authors.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Most-Cited-Countries.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-M-Index-Author-Impact.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Lotka_Law.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-H-Index-Author-Impact.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-G-Index-Author-Impact.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Country-Production.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Metricas/Authors/MASSA2-Corresponding-Authors-Country.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Social/MASSA2-Collaboration-Network-50country.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Social/MASSA2-Collaboration-Network-50country-25-betweeness.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Social/MASSA2-Collaboration-Network-150instit.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Social/MASSA2-Collaboration-Network-150instit-25instit-betweeness.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Social/MASSA2-Collaboration-Network-150authors.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Social/MASSA2-Collaboration-Network-150authors-Ordered-betweeness.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-HistoricalDirectCitationNetwork-100docs.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-HistoricalDirectCitationNetwork-100docs.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-50-Papers.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-50-Papers.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-50-Authors.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-50-Authors.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources-Clusters.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources-Cluster-5.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources-Cluster-4.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources-Cluster-3.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources-Cluster-2.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Sources-Cluster-1.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Papers.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Papers.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Papers-Clusters.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Authors.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Authors.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Authors-Clusters-1-2.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Authors-Cluster-4.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Intelectual/MASSA2-CoCitation-Network-150-Authors-Cluster-3.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-ThematicMap.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-Thematic-Evolution.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-FactorialAnalysis-MCA-MostContribDocuments.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-FactorialAnalysis-MCA-FactorialMap.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-FactorialAnalysis-MCA-Dendrogram.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-Co-occurrence-Network-50nodes-louvainclustering.png.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-Cluster3-Co-occurrence-Network-50nodes-louvainclustering.png.png.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-Cluster2-Co-occurrence-Network-50nodes-louvainclustering.png.png.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Estrutura/Conceitual/MASSA2-Cluster1-Co-occurrence-Network-50nodes-louvainclustering.png.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Three-Fields-Plot-SO-DE-AU_UN.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Three-Fields-Plot-CR-AU-DE.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Main-Information.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Average-Citations-per-Year.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Average-Citations-per-Year.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Annual-Total-Citation-per-Year.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Annual-Scientific-Production.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Descritiva/MASSA2-Annual-Scientific-Production.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/Clustering/MASSA2-CouplingMap-4Labels-Per-Cluster.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/wos6935recs.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/World_Collaboration_Map.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/CountryCollaborationMap-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/Collaboration_Network-Organizations.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/Collaboration_Network-Countries.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/Collaboration_Network-200-Organizations.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/Collaboration_Network-200-Authors.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/Collaboration Network-Organizations.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/Collaboration Network-Countries.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Social/Collaboration Network-Authors.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Historiograph_Network-200-papers.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Historiograph-2021-08-10-25-papers.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co_citation_network-50-sources.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co_citation_network-50-sources.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co_citation_network-50-sources-3-Clusters-de-5.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co_citation_network-50-sources-2-Clusters-de-5.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co_citation_network-200-sources.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co_citation_network-200-papers.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co_citation_network-200-Authors.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co-citation Network-Authors-50-3-de-4-clusters.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co-citation Network-Authors-50-1-de-4-Clusters.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Intellectual/Co-citation Network-50-Papers.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic_Map-Keywords-By-Cluster.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic_Map-Clusters.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/ThematicMap-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic Evolution-5-slices-Keywords-Plus.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic Evolution-5-slices-Keywords-Plus.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic Evolution-5-slices-Keywords-Plus-Slice-5.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic Evolution-5-slices-Keywords-Plus-Slice-4.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic Evolution-5-slices-Keywords-Plus-Slice-3.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic Evolution-5-slices-Keywords-Plus-Slice-2.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Thematic Evolution-5-slices-Keywords-Plus-Slice-1.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/MostContribDocuments-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/MostCitedDocuments-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/FactorialMap-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Dendrogram-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Co_occurrence_network.net
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/CoWord_Network_Analysis.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/CoWord_Factorial_Analysis_Words_By_Cluster.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/CoWord_Factorial_Analysis_Articles_By_Cluster.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Co-occurrence Network-Keywords-Plus.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Co-occurrence Network-Keywords-Plus-Degree-Plot.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Structure-Informetric/Conceptual/Co-occurrence Network-Keywords-Plus-150-termos.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/ThreeFieldPlot-AU_CO-AU_UN-SO-20-20-20.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/ThreeFieldPlot-AU-CR-DE-20-20-20.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/ThreeFieldPlot-AU-CR-DE-20-10-20.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/Main_Information.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/Filtered_DataTable.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/AverageArticleCitationPerYear-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/Annual_Production.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Dataset/AnnualScientificProduction-2021-08-05.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Clustering/CouplingMap-2021-08-09-network.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Clustering/CouplingMap-2021-08-09-Documents-By-Cluster-.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Clustering/CouplingMap-2021-08-09-Clusters.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Clustering/CouplingMap-2021-08-09-Clusters-Data.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Clustering/Coupling-Map-Parameters-2021-08-09 23-32-38.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/Source_Impact-TC-H-G-M-Index.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/Source_Dynamics.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/SourceImpact-2021-08-09-TC-Index.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/SourceImpact-2021-08-09-M-Index.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/SourceImpact-2021-08-09-Indice-H.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/SourceImpact-2021-08-09-G-Index.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/SourceDynamics-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/Most_Relevant_Sources.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/Most_Cited_Sources.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/MostRelevantSources-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/MostLocalCitedSources-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/Bradford_Law.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Sources/BradfordLaws-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/WordDynamics-2021-08-09-Keyword_plus.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/Word-Dynamics-2021-08-09 23-01-38.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/Word-Cloud-2021-08-09 23-00-13.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/Trend_Topics-5-occurrences-5-words-per-year-keywords-plus.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/TrendTopics-2021-08-09-10-occurrences-3-words-per-year-keywords-plus.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/TreeMap-Keyword-Plus.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/ReferenceSpectroscopy-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/RPYS_Documents.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/RPYS.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/Most_Local_Cited_Documents.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/Most_Global_Cited_Documents.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/Most_Frequent_Words-title.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/Most_Frequent_Words-abstract.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/MostRelevantWords-2021-08-09-abstracts.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/MostRelevantWords-2021-08-09-Title.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/MostRelevantWords-2021-08-09-Keywords-plus.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/MostRelevantWords-2021-08-09-Author-keywords.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/MostLocalCitedReferences-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/MostLocalCitedDocuments-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Documents/MostGlobalCitedDocuments-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Most_Relevant_Countries_By_Corresponding_Author.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Most_Relevant_Authors.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Most_Relevant_Affiliations.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Most_Local_Cited_Authors.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Most_Cited_Countries.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/MostRelevantCountries-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/MostRelevantAuthors-2021-08-09-N-documents.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/MostRelevantAffiliations-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/MostLocalCitedAuthors-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/MostCitedCountries-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Lotka_Law.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/LotkaLaw-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Country_Production.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/CountryScientificProduction-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/AuthorsProductionOverTime-2021-08-09.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Author_Production_Over_Time.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/Author_Impact.csv
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/AuthorImpact-2021-08-09-TC-Index.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/AuthorImpact-2021-08-09-M-Index.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/AuthorImpact-2021-08-09-H-Index.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/Bibliometric/Authors/AuthorImpact-2021-08-09-G-Index.png
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(9).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(8).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(7).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(6).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(5).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(4).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(3).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(2).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(15).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(14).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(13).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(12).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(11).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(10).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(1).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/8115recs.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/savedrecs.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/savedrecs(5).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/savedrecs(4).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/savedrecs(3).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/savedrecs(2).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/savedrecs(1).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210727/6105records.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/R/Territorios/simulacao/AnaliseExperimentosComoSurgemOsTerritorios.Rmd
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/R/Territorios/ComoSurgemOsTerritorios.Rmd
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/ProducaoDaCiencia/Python/relatorio_simulacao_surgem_os_territorios.tex
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoSalaDeAula/STL@jhcf/query.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20220203/query-Refinada.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/savedrecs(16).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/classico-mais-citacoes/query.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/savedrecs(6).txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210803/query-melhorada.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/SimulacaoMultiagente/WoS-20210727/query.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/risrec6.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/risrec2.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/PesqBibliogr/risrec.txt
exploratory-data-analysis/jhcf/main-jhcf.tex
5-Etica-Metodos-Exploratorios-Descritivos/aulas/5.1-Outros-Metodos/MetodologiaEstudoDeCaso-Abril2022.pdf
5-Etica-Metodos-Exploratorios-Descritivos/aulas/5.1-Outros-Metodos/slides-outros-metodos-investigacao.pdf
5-Etica-Metodos-Exploratorios-Descritivos/aulas/5.1-Outros-Metodos/main.tex
4-Computacao-Experimental/tarefas/T9-Teste-Hipoteses2/model_data_iter_150_steps_100_2022-03-31 21-02-41.015965.csv
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.4-Teste-Hipoteses/slides-estatistica-inferencial.pdf
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.3-Computacao-Experimental/slides-computacao-experimental.pdf
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.1-Componentes-Experimento/slides-experimentos.pdf
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.2-Estatistica-Experimentacao/slides-desenho-de-experimentos.pdf
4-Computacao-Experimental/tarefas/T9-Teste-Hipoteses2/chi-square.R
4-Computacao-Experimental/tarefas/T9-Teste-Hipoteses2/espec-tarefa.tex
4-Computacao-Experimental/tarefas/T8-Teste-Hipoteses/estudantes/main.tex
4-Computacao-Experimental/tarefas/T8-Teste-Hipoteses/espec-tarefa.tex
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.4-Teste-Hipoteses/main.tex
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.3-Computacao-Experimental/main.tex
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.1-Componentes-Experimento/main.tex
4-Computacao-Experimental/aulas/4.2-Estatistica-Experimentacao/main.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/tarefas/T7-Aprimoramento-Simulacao/tarefa42.py
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/tarefas/T7-Aprimoramento-Simulacao/xyz.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/tarefas/T7-Aprimoramento-Simulacao/espec-tarefa.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/tarefas/T6-Aprimoramento-Simulacao/estudantes/tarefa-jhcf.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/tarefas/T6-Aprimoramento-Simulacao/estudantes/main.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/tarefas/T6-Aprimoramento-Simulacao/espec-tarefa.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/aulas/3.3-Geracao-Dados/main.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/aulas/3.2-Manipulando-Variaveis/main.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/aulas/3.1-Simulacao-Multiagente/exemplos_mesa.tex
3-Simulando-Um-Fenomeno/aulas/3.1-Simulacao-Multiagente/main.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/aulas/2.3-Analise-Bibliometrica/R-RStudio-Bibliometrix.pdf
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/aulas/2.2-Pesquisa-Bibliografica/GSIC905-V1TextoBase.pdf
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/tarefas/T5-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/estudantes/main.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/tarefas/T5-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/espec-tarefa.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/tarefas/T4-Pesquisa-Bibliografica/estudantes/tarefa-jhcf-20222.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/tarefas/T4-Pesquisa-Bibliografica/estudantes/tarefa-jhcf.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/tarefas/T4-Pesquisa-Bibliografica/estudantes/main.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/tarefas/T4-Pesquisa-Bibliografica/espec-tarefa.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/aulas/2.3-Analise-Bibliometrica/main.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/aulas/2.1-AnaliseExploratoriaDeDadosComR-RStudio/main.tex
2-Analise-Exploratoria-Dados/aulas/2.2-Pesquisa-Bibliografica/main.tex
1-Introducao/aulas/Principios-da-atividade-cientifica.pdf
1-Introducao/aulas/Desenvolvimento-de-Software-Ciencia-e-Filosofia.pdf
1-Introducao/aulas/Ciencia-e-sua-Avaliacao.pdf
1-Introducao/aulas/Ciencia-e-Filosofia.pdf
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-joaoadm94.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-LucasOSilva.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-bananaMoshpit.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-GustavoRGYGO.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-FernandoCordeiro.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-gabrielligoski.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-andreloff.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-seraphritt.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-MatBSa.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-PlinioMayer.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-BarreirosM.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-mutenesss.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-jpssm.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-masathayde.bib
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-masathayde.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-jvcalassio.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-Toskosz.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-marcelo3101.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-pinheirogh.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/tarefa-jhcf.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/estudantes/main.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T3-Impressoes-Ciencia/espec-tarefa.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-LucasOSilva.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-jpssm.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-seraphritt.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-andreloff.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-edgarsamp.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-jvcalassio.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-GustavoRGYGO.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-FernandoCordeiro.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-RequiemDosVivos.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-brunosabreu.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-joaoadm94.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-alvimpaulo.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-masathayde.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-gabrielligoski.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-MatBSa.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-brenoZ.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-pinheirogh.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-Toskosz.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-mutenesss.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-marcelo3101.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-BarreirosM.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/tarefa-jhcf.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/estudantes/main.tex
1-Introducao/tarefas/T2-Glossario/espec-tarefa.tex
1-Introducao/aulas/1.1-Ciencia.tex
0-Orientacoes/tarefas/T1-Ingresso/espec-tarefa.tex
0-Orientacoes/main.tex
11:46 am • Sode Zueira